c3 speech
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Hey xxx:

Can you tell me what day is today?  Yeah, it's Wednesday.  What do we do at Wednesday night? Good! We join ALE ladder ToastMaster meetings and practice public speaking.  That's good.  We're so deligent that  always look for self improvment.
For some people, Wednesday night means something different.  For them, Wendnesday night means ladies night.   It's a time to hangout with friends, have party, listen to music in fast-tempo, and dance at night clubs.

Today, I'm going introduce several dancing clubs in Taipei.  If you have some foreign friends come to visit you and  Taipei night life,   todays speech will be very helpful for you.

LUXY:
Luxy is probably the most well-known club in Taipei.  I guess many of you have been there.  Luxy is  located on 忠孝東路 with a very eye-catching signboard.  The dance floor is large and comfortable.  Its space allows thousand plus people in.  Music is great.  AIR is fresh.  No smoke smells resides.  There are about 30% foreigners so it's also a nice place to meet foreign friends.  Many travel guides mention LUXY as a must-see of Taipei.  Luxy has its name not only by its hardware but also by the music.  Every month Luxy invites a foreign singer or DJ for live performances.  That makes.  Two month ago, the famous rapper Flo Rida's came to Luxy  and showed his catchy single "Low"..
(She hit the flo. Next thing you know.  Shawty got low low low low.)

Room18: 
Compared with Luxy, ROOM18 is a relatively small pub.
ROOM18 is famous for its boss is formerly a well-known actor.  This club is consistently filled with celebrities and models. Actually, I've met  xx & xx there.   There's usually a good amount of nice looking girls.  Many of them dress very classy with many luxury gadgets.  If you're interested in meeting celerbrities,

LAVA:  LAVA is next to ROOM18.  It's a teenager club.  Most people there look about 20.  Many of them are students.  If you love to meet young people, here is the pub for you.
The speciality  of LAVA is its LAVA queen compange.  This compange is held at 1:30am.  They usually ask 5~6 girls from crowd to dance on the stage for 2 songs.  The girl who dances the most wildly and sexy can win the prize -- 2000 NTD.
Some girls are very crazy.  To win the prize, they're even willing to take off their underwear.  That makes me feel like in a LAVA strip club.


PASoul:
Pasoul is near the biggest bookstore 誠品.  It's a all-you-can-drink pub.  Just keep the cup after you finish the drink and you can ask the bartender to refill it with different flavour of cocktail.  If you want to get drunk, Pasoul is a place for you.  Like all pubs offering unlimited alcohol, pasoul has same problem.  You can  see many people take too much alcohol and throw up in the bathroom.  That's a bit disgusting.

Carnegies:
- A Russian girl brought me to this club. She said it's a good place meet friends also from Russia.
Carnegies is a american resturant in the day time.  But after 9, it becomes a dancing club.   a full of foreigners -Great bar with people dancing on the bar.

- Dance on the bar for Carnegie's annual costume contest and you might win NT$10,000. No cover charge for the night and Smirnoff Black will cost NT$100 per bottle.
 The crowd is mixed expats and locals. Large veriety of drinks, prices are not low (5 Euro a 0,5 liter beer) but the good atmosphere is worth it. Age is 25+, everybody speaks English. Ladies night on Wednesday. On the weekend and at ladies night packed, so go early.
-Drunks (men and women) dancing on the bar on weekends, high drink prices, mainly an older 40+ foreign crowd with money to spend. Real quiet during the week, which is a relief!





meet hot chicks in bar
not tall, overweight,
a hot girlfriend, someone who really turns me on
earn the female attention

The first thought that pops into my head is that he must be rich or something
Why else would all these hot girls be hanging out with him?
there's more than one way to be attractive. It's not always about how you look, you know."

"You ever know a girl who you weren't all that into at first, but after you got to know her a bit, you became attracted to her?"
"Make them laugh, have fun with them, do fun stuff. Talk to them. Get to know them. You know."
"But I just ask them questions about themselves, let them talk, and then tell a story of my own that's related to what they were talking about."

"You ever get ripped off by one of the dancers?"

to see what it was like
, it was small, it was nice. It was a high class establishment
t I wore my slutty dress to this club.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


